0

1. I'm sorry, but unfortunately, you don't have enough funds to make that purchase. 
2. It seems like your current financial situation won't allow you to buy that. 
3. I'm afraid you have insufficient funds to buy that item. 
4. Sorry, but your current balance won't allow you to make that purchase. 
5. Looks like you might need to save up some more before being able to buy that. 
6. Unfortunately, you don't have the financial means to get that item. 
7. Sorry, but you cannot purchase that just yet. 
8. You don't have enough money in your account to make that purchase. 
9. You might want to hold off on buying that until your financial situation improves. 
10. I'm sorry, but it doesn't look like you can afford that purchase. 
11. Sorry, but it seems like you are running low on funds to make that purchase. 
12. Unfortunately, you don't have the necessary funds to buy that at the moment. 
13. You might want to consider saving up before making that purchase. 
14. Sorry, but you cannot proceed with that purchase due to limited funds. 
15. Your account balance is not enough to buy that item. 
16. Unfortunately, your current financial standing won't allow you to buy that now. 
17. Sorry, but you have insufficient funds to make that purchase. 
18. You cannot buy that now because you are struggling financially. 
19. Looks like you might want to reconsider buying that in light of your current financial situation. 
20. Due to your low account balance, you cannot purchase that item at this time.


2

1. I'm sorry, but your financial situation does not allow for this purchase. 
2. It looks like you may need to save up a little more before making that purchase. 
3. Unfortunately, it seems as though buying that item is financially out of reach right now. 
4. Your current financial state suggests that purchasing this item may not be the best idea at the moment. 
5. It appears as though you do not have enough funds to make this purchase currently. 
6. Considering your budget constraints, it might be wise to hold off on buying that particular thing just yet! 
7. Due to some monetary restraints at present, the acquisition of said object must wait until later date(s). 
8. You seem tight on money currently; perhaps waiting until finances are in order would be better? 
9.Your financial status has come short for us necessitating holding off from acquiring it presently 
10.You cannot afford (the expense or price) at present due limitated finance resource available 
11.While we know how badly would want/wish/hope/order something we think ,you should lean toward other important things first given our appraisal of your income and expenditure trends 
12.The account balance is low now hence putting postpone purchasing until there’s sufficient cash flow 
13.Sadly because being impoverished/financially broke can't get what one desires or needs most right away 
14.It's with regret that one couldn't obtain what is needed since assets aren’t much frequent 
15.From an economic perspective,it doesn’t look feasible getting x if resources won't commute demands within budgetary limits 
16.Regrettably due personal economical shortcomings even basic daily necessities can become unattainable 
17.Clear vision amid shaky era regardingsavings after considering expenses mandatory puts haderness procuring certain luxury items 
18.Given insuffiency wealth evidence suggest postponing laving out dream acquirements focus rather directing fundflow towards expenses that accomdating living standards 
19.While disheartening to be wary of your bank account status suggesting reconsidering purchases when bills are paid ends are meet 
20.Understanding you might want to purchase enabler for a activity/hobby, present monetary assets can't afford resultantly financial planning mandates choosing wisely near-term- spending

